c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\obj\Debug\SprwMusic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\SprwMusic.dll.config
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\SprwMusic.dll
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\SprwMusic.pdb
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\obj\Debug\SprwMusic.dll
c:\users\alyssa\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SprwMusic\SprwMusic\obj\Debug\SprwMusic.pdb
